# Git Practice
A simple project to practice a few git/github workflows.  Replace the contents of this file with the contents indicated in the [instructions](./instructions.md).
## AI and its Role in Software Engineering
Link: https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/how-ai-will-change-software-engineering

In "How AI-assisted coding will change software engineering: hard truths", Gergely Orosz and Addy Osmani discuss at length how AI has impacted the field and the implications that it has on different groups. What I'm most concerned about is how it has affected junior engineers and non-engineers. They discussed the 70:30 principle, how AI allows engineers to get to 70% of the final code exponentially quicker, but the last 30% is extremely difficult to achieve for non-engineers or even junior engineers. As a "traditionally" minded person, I dislike my need to reach for AI as I believe it is a cheat code to my journey to learning actually how to code and draw patterns between concepts and encode these skills into my mind. However, when in a pickle I still reach for chat to help me with my code.  I personally don't believe I have the luxury yet to be using chatGPT to generate code as I don't fully have the ability to question AI as profoundly yet (edge cases, structure, etc). However, it does reaffirm my position with staring at chat's code on end trying to parse through it and really understand what is going on, apply it but also being pensive on the response it gives me and alterating it afterwards. Though it takes much longer than my peers, I hope this will make me a better and more efficient engineer. 

### Comment \(Emma He\)
I agree with the author's sentiment that while AI can help speed up the processes of creating software, it can not replicate the judgement of humans in "understanding \[software development\] requirements, designing maintainable systems, handling edge cases, and ensuring security". Using AI to code still requires skill and critical thinking from the programmer to determine what is or is not quality code. Thus, it seems that AI has not reached the point where it can replace human software engineers. Though, I don't think this entails that we should throw out the tool of AI altogether, as the author's mention that it can be useful in creating first drafts that you can use as a starting point. As a student that is still learning to code, I tend to use it the other way around, as a last resort when I hit a wall in my program. Additionally, I find it to be pretty useful when studying for tests as it can generate an unlimited number of practice questions for me. Anyways, I think most importantly, as the authors mentioned, AI should complement your work instead of being a replacement. 